Brother, look, we're back home, dick
You've got a neighbor.
It stands to reason that it is good for the family
I shouldn't have brought you back
But your previous fertility to the family
Had a huge impact
If you can't make amends
Make up for it
I'm afraid there are other people who will have opinions
YES YES YES
Brother, I speak straight
Just say what you have
22 What are our conditions?
Very simple too
Longguo's largest leading enterprise, Tenglong Group
A carving competition is about to be held
If you say your meteor snow
Can win this project
The competition can return
Of course, if it fails.
Then you have to think about the others
Tenglong Group
Their invited tenders are the best
What about business and solutions?
Let's not say it's our snow
That's a curse
The richest man is here, and he has never seen it. Xi can take it
Besides, our family has been in Qingyuan for so many years
He's never done a business project.
Are you deliberately embarrassing us?
Hey second uncle
this
You can't say that.
It is the difficulty that highlights your value to the family
Right? That's it.
Let's not be gossiped about
Even though you have neighbors in your class
But the neighbor's money won't go to the Liu family
If you really want to come back
Always make a real contribution to the Liu family
Uncle, is there no room for negotiation?
If you can't do it, just leave
Don't waste your time here
We adults
It's a deal.
If you promise, you can't go back on it.
You nonsense
You really hurt our family this time
Do you know if you fail
Our family will take me back to the family
Come to chance you
Isn't it the bidding project of Tenglong Group?
Simple, I believe as long as Qingxue is willing
100% Medium Carving Clear Snow
Come on.